What three minutes for Jiu Ye to arrive?
Qin Feng, Qin Feng
You really blew the cow's hoof into the sky
Jiu Ye is a man of the river
How can it be ordered by you at will?
Qin Feng, if you can really make people run away today
I don't just recognize you like this
I knelt down.
The shoes are clean
Then we will
I'll see.
Jiu Ye
Qing army trick
Refuse to order
When are the seven cannons?
How dare you win here
Even if you have a hanging coupon behind you
Could it be that you still dare to compete with Jiu Ye?
Work harder without knowing your life
No one can save you
This man is rampant
Dare to lead me to dedicate my feet to the meritorious feast of the Qing army
Somebody kill him for me
Today I will show you what despair means
Take him down for me
I see who cares